https://www.ecommercetemplates.com/phphelp/ecommplus/about.asp

PHP Ecommerce Plus Shopping Cart Software
Our Ecommerce Plus Templates are designed to help you get a well designed ecommerce website up and running in no time at all. The ecommerce shopping cart software is available for WordPress, Dreamweaver, CSS and Responsive Design formats, all you need to do is change the template

This help section is for the PHP / mySQL version of the Ecommerce Plus templates. If you have a Windows server and wish to use the ASP versions then please click here.

Store Administration
Full online control panel for simple admin management More details view demo
Mobile friendly, tablet optimized control panel
Responsive dashboard with store stats
Dynamically populate product pages without the need to touch the database.
Content management system integrated More details more details
Password protected CSS based control panel
Restrict admin pages depending on login
Simple process for adding / modifying / deleting products and categories More details more details
Full online order viewing by date selection and search.
Product search within the admin section.
Editable order details More details more details
Optional Customer login for order history viewing and creating accounts.
Abandoned cart email for order recovery more details more details
Affiliate program included with online viewing of affiliate sales More details more details
Downloadable product inventory.
CSV database upload More details more details
Language specific admin available More details more details
Optional email notification for new orders, affiliates, reviews and customer accounts
Up to 3 languages supported from the same database More details more details
Turn off store with "vacation / holiday" setting  more details more details
In-built mailing list / newsletter feature  more details more details
MailChimp integration  more details more details
Product / category options
Unlimited number of products.
Table-less css layouts for category, product and detail pages more details more details
Choose the order and formatting of elements on the detail page more details more details
Choose the order and formatting of elements on the product page more details more details
Upselling of related, bestselling, recommended products as well as suggesting products purchased by other customers More details more details
Gift registry and wish lists More details more details
Spry tabbed panels More details more details
Show recently viewed items More details more details
Product reviews and ratings feature More details more details
Gift certificate feature More details more details
Show multiple currencies More details more details
CSS dynamic menu system More details more details
Social media buttons More details more details
Quick Buy feature More details more details
Place products in several categories
Make custom bundles / packages with individual products more details more details
Rich snippets / Structured data
Allow customers to filter products by keyword, price, grouping etc.
Extra detail page for more detailed product descriptions with layout options.
Show multiple product images.
Image upload
Allows for use of HTML in product descriptions to make formatting simpler More details more details
Setup and assign Designers / Manufacturers / Drop Shippers to products and send them order details if required on receipt of orders More details more details
Manufacturers page More details more details
Donations feature More details more details
Provision of coupons so clients can purchase at a discounted rate by entering their coupon code More details more details
Apply discounts by product or category depending on total purchase or quantity ordered More details more details
Make products storewide discount exempt
Specify the number of products per page.
Filter results option for products page
Choice of product and category layouts, using one or multiple columns of products More details more details
Optional images choice for categories.
Optional category header for product pages
Choice of product listing by price, id, user preference or alphabetically More details more details
Product options allow for the selection of color, size etc. with price differences shown in real time - choose between drop down menus and radio buttons More details more details
Product option selection can change product image displayed
Products options with tool tips
Date picker product option
Multiple purchase feature for product options
Allow clients to type in their own requirements for a particular product More details more details
Product options can have their own product ID More details more details
Clone products and product options for faster input.
Wholesale / retail pricing depending on login More details more details
Quantity pricing option More details more details
Option of showing the "buy" button or an "Out of stock message".
Option of maintaining a product in your inventory but not showing on the store.
Stock management feature permits you to define the number of products in stock, and the store will automatically generate an "Out of stock" message once the last item in stock has been purchased More details more details
Notify customer email when stock is replenished
Stock management for product options More details more details
Show number of products in stock on the products page
Set minimum purchase total requirement More details more details
Set minimum purchase quantity requirement more details more details
Email to friend link option - product specific More details more details
Choice of currency symbols and formatting.
Change all store generated language from one place More details more details
Option to remove buy / checkout buttons making the plus version compatible for other uses eg. real estate listings, online catalog etc More details more details
Order categories to suit your needs.
Option of showing list price / your price & you save feature.
Show product ID, SKU, Manufacturer on the product pages.
Shipping / checkout features
Editable and flexible CCS based cart and checkout more details more details
Weight based shipping by zone More details more details
Flat rate shipping More details more details
USPS shipping rate integration and order tracking More details more details
UPS shipping and order tracking More details more details
FedEx shipping and order tracking More details more details
DHL shipping rates more details more details
Australia Post more details more details
Canada Post More details more details
Soft cart feature more details more details
Free shipping option (choose by country and / or total order or number of items purchased) More details more details
Product exemption from free shipping
Price based shipping More details more details
Shipping estimator before checkout More details more details
Optional Google reCaptcha More details more details
Streamlined checkout process
Gift wrapping choice
Back order availability
Saved cart for non-logged in customers
Google Analytics ecommerce tracking
Customer shipping carrier selector More details more details
Provide a different shipping method for international customers in respect to domestic buyers.
Global handling charge option.
Handling charge per payment provider
Handling exempt products
Compatible with all major tax systems (including Canada and Australia) More details more details
Complete integration with the top payment processors, and / or email notification only More details more details
Manual order creation
Order status look up page for customers More details more details
Offer customers a tracking number.
Automatic email to customers on order status change More details more details
Integrates PayPal's Instant Payment Notification for secure order processing More details more details
Cardinal Commerce 3D Secure system to provide Verified by VISA, Mastercard SecureCode and J/Secure functionality More details more details
Email notification once an order has been placed.
Printable receipt on thanks page
HTML header and footer for the confirmation email
Download orders to a .csv file.
Print packing slips from the admin orders page.
Print invoices from the admin orders page.
Collect email address on checkout.
Send out newsletters More details more details
Filter newsletter recipients by product purchased, location, wholesaler etc.
"Remember me" option for return users.
Javascript and Cookie disabled detection.
Block IPs or IP ranges.
Search engine friendly features
URL Rewriting systems for extensionless, search engine friendly URLs
Per page title and meta description tags on dynamic pages
Dynamic title and meta description tags
Static pages available
Tag products with searchable keywords
ALT information for all store generated images
Structured Data / Rich Snippets / schema.org support
Product name or ID in page URL
Product name in <h1> tags
Lightweight, fast loading pages.
Design options
Choice of editor - WordPress, Dreamweaver, Expression Web or design your own.
Table-less css layouts for product, detail and category pages more details more details
Mobile friendly features more details more details
Search engine friendly options such as static pages and generated title and meta tags available More details more details
Original .png files included for editing graphics in Fireworks.
Global design changes made simple through Dreamweaver .dwt and .lbi files.
Simple to change colors and personalize the store.
Multiple CSS classes available for key display options More details more details
ALT information automatically added to category and product images
Aiming for XHTML 1.0 Transitional compliant and Section 508(accessibility) compliant code.
General features
Integrated product search page.
Editable and flexible CCS based search layout more details more details
Customizable filters on search page
Mini search field available for all pages
Built in modular fashion, allowing for free future upgrades and addition of new features.
6 month free online technical support More details more details
Downloadable User Manual More details more details
30 day money back guarantee.
Requirements
For the PHP templates a UNIX / Linux server with a minimum of PHP 5 and a mySQL database.
WordPress 3.5+, Dreamweaver 3+, or Expression Web
Versions
Ecommerce Plus shopping cart software in Dreamweaver version
Ecommerce Plus shopping cart software in WordPress version
Ecommerce Plus shopping cart software in CSS layouts and Expression Web
Ecommerce Plus shopping cart software in CSS Response Design version
Design your own - Generic Version
Developer License
BUY NOW...
